HttpRequestor: Add instructions about creating dependency on gem and deactivting EC2 IMDS (#1989)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/network/http-requestor.md

            3rdParty::AWSNativeSDK::Core
```

### Create a dependency on the Gem

If you need to ensure the HttpRequestor Gem is enabled before its use in a component, add a requirement in your component's `GetRequiredServices` method. For example:

```cpp
void AutomatedTestingSystemComponent::GetRequiredServices(AZ::ComponentDescriptor::DependencyArrayType& required)
{
   ...
   required.push_back(AZ_CRC_CE("HttpRequestorService"));
}
```

> ### Turn off AWS EC2 Instance Metadata Service calls

Author: Good catch, always forget EC2 is Amazon EC2 branded

The HttpRequestor Gem uses the [AWS C++ SDK](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-cpp) to provide the Http(s) client. You don't need to provide AWS credentials or account information to use this Gem.

> However, if your project is not running on Amazon EC2 compute, it's recommended that you turn off the [AWS_EC2_METADATA_DISABLED](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-envvars.html) environment variable. This will prevent any calls to the Amazon EC2 Instance Metadata Service (IMDS) from attempting to retrieve configuration, region, and credential information. Requests to IMDS will fail if you are not using EC2, leading to delays and wasted network resources.

Reviewer: I know this comment is late and a bit of a nitpick but it should probably be phrased as "turn _on_ the AWS_EC2_METADATA_DISABLED environmental variable..." since it gets set to `true`.

> However, if you are not running on AWS EC2 compute its recommended that you turn off the [AWS_EC2_METADATA_DISABLED](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-cpp/blob/main/aws-cpp-sdk-core/source/client/ClientConfiguration.cpp#L104) environment variable. This will prevent any reach out the AWS EC2 Instance Metadate Service (IMDS), which may occur to retrieve configuration, region and credential information. Requests to EC2 IMDS will fail on non EC2 compute leading to delays and wasted network resources.

Reviewer 2: AWS branding uses "Amazon EC2" instead of "AWS EC2", so I recommend sticking to brand here.
Also, I'd recommend linking to the description of the env variable instead of the source code.
```suggestion
However, if your project is not running on Amazon EC2 compute, it's recommended that you turn off the [AWS_EC2_METADATA_DISABLED](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-envvars.html) environment variable. This will prevent any calls to the Amazon EC2 Instance Metadata Service (IMDS) from attempting to retrieve configuration, region, and credential information. Requests to IMDS will fail if you are not using EC2, leading to delays and wasted network resources.
```

Author: Technically that link is to the AWS CLI, which I didn't use as I thought it was confusing because we are not configuring the AWS CLI but the AWS C++ SDK. Unfortunately the AWS C++ SDK docs do not cover this env var doc.
